Release docs 2.9 (#177)
openmsupply/msupply_docs: content/docs/manage/global_preferences/index.md

- Allow tracking of stock by donor
- Display Population Based Forecasting
- Show Contact Tracing
- Gender Options

| Preference Name                      | Description                                                                                                 |
| :----------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Allow tracking of stock by donor** | Adds a donor column to stock management screens. This allows you to track which donor a stock item is from. |
| **Show Contact Tracing**             | Enables the [Contact Tracing](/docs/programs/program-module/#contact-tracing) feature for Patients          |

> | **Gender Options**                   | Select the combination of genders available for Clinicians and Patients                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Gender Options**                   | Choose the gender options available for clinicians and patients                                     |
```
